feat: convert to whitelabel (#3616)
db-ui/mono: docs/migration/alpha-beta.md

| ❌ removed `opacity` tokens        | we use only 1 opacity (0.4) for all components                                                                                                                                                                                                            | If you use some of the tokens like `--db-opacity-sm` you might run into issues with your layout                                                                                                               |
| 🔄 updated `border` tokens         | we add all shirt-sizes `3xs`-`3xl` as tokens                                                                                                                                                                                                              | If you use some of the tokens like `db-border-height-sm` you might run into issues with your layout, because the values behind it changed                                                                     |

> | 🔄 moved `_font-sizes.scss`        | We moved the file to another folder to align the same structure as icons or colors. We add `css` classes, you can use them by importing `@db-ui/foundations/scss/fonts/classes/all.css`                                                                   | If you use some placeholder like `%db-overwrite-font-size-sm` you might need to import the `_font-sizes.scss` like this: `@use "@db-ui/foundations/build/styles/fonts";`                                      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 🔄 moved `_font-sizes.scss`        | We moved the file to another folder to align the same structure as icons or colors. We add `css` classes, you can use them by importing `@db-ui/foundations/scss/fonts/classes/all.css`                                                                   | If you use some placeholder like `%db-overwrite-font-size-sm` you might need to import the `_font-sizes.scss` like this: `@use "@db-ui/foundations/build/scss/fonts";`                                      |
```

At the time of writing (this file), this has been the correct path.

## Styling

We add some more information about our styling and try to generate classes and data-attributes to use in the project, based on user-preferences.

> Moreover, we add all optional styles to `relative` which may increase the size, but reduces the complexity for using the Design-System with all features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Moreover, we add all optional styles to `db-ui-42` which may increase the size, but reduces the complexity for using the Design-System with all features.
```

this has been the correct name for beta release.
